Generalized 4 external interface into 2 abstract interfaces (#32)
cheneyzhoucheng/network-digital-twin: draft-irtf-nmrg-network-digital-twin-arch.md

traffic and provide actual network services.
All or subset of network elements in the real network deliver network data, directly or through other systems, to
the NDT, through appropriate input interfaces. Network elements may receive control inputs, through specific output interfaces,

> from operations systems in which NDTs play a role. The input interfaces and output interfaces might vary in functional NDT use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from operations systems in which NDTs play a role. The input and output interfaces might vary as a function of the specific NDT use case. Note that these interfaces are bidirectional interfaces.
```

Author: I suggest to make some compromise for the above proposed text change.
